according to the court of justice
there are always two versions of the truth these are the cases of life
real
where the litigants
they were the verdict
Judge
a very valuable work the west part
physically attacked me in front of my clients
of the rose anaya basically teaching
physically in front
pernía m 19 years
these new professional categories
hi - katalin i am kike álvarez this is the town court and you
as usual
he is our guest of honor
well we have in our next case a person loving indigenous art
Mexican
to such an extent was he willing to pay in advance an artist for this
will travel to Mexico will start a special job
which do you think the result was a great work
for a sudden demand we will see what happens next
who is a dumb
cruzeiro
Luis field now
happened please
new lady waters
as a dessert
well sitting that she
I sent orders for a tapestry
which I paid and the lady did not give it to me
what did you pay
there is a tapestry
this tapestry is a with an original work of art
the fault in the sra
which she never gave me
what happened to this lady's money
this high is true that this lady gave me a money to go down I traveled
shuffle mexico
according to the indigenous
collect materials to make them a tapestry that the lady say that she
wanted to
gave makes work in pairs by the way that this lady there
pontallier insulting me not only
mentally but physically in front of my clients that can not be that from
I talked years ago
this young lady destroyed me a very valuable work and apart from that
physically attacked me in front of my clients
the area so cool and kamenszain Lord judge
physically in front of me sentenced
but in the m 19 Aug efe
these are not ethical or professional
I thought that this purpose apart from attacking it
physically
i
he did more
destroyed a very valuable work or a very gradual work and I know how much
all this was that work that has already
as you know today
few recognized artists are dedicated to doing work
indigenous hours when she gave you
and attacked her physically as he attacked her
We have a lot and said that it is not the one that imposes on my workshop at first voice
high insulting me around that is not physically mentally and physically
for English I asked him how physical he gave the mind in the
limbo
and neither
by pushing me I was working on this valuable work
it was when the cobra was destroyed abancay in the pushed
this studio hours studio boast this one had insurance that covered that
if I do not make insurance
yes that covers it
cover it then do not worry because you do not have against demand k and if he does
it was not there linden was the earthenware of the tower
I suppose that you did not like it to yourself exactly called the police
from the ps
He called the police, I did not call the police
besides things
in a way that is going to get gasoline endorse a bullet that way
arrange
when we return
in the town court
take off the smile for the face
because I do not like how people lie to me and
if you want to give me a mint mint
but do not lie to me in any other way
we'll see
she gives the three thousand dollars
and this
what's up with that money
she did not have me three thousand dollars dollars what she covered that
is what they say to begin with, and if I do not only dance to the
enemy and another one were fine and a check
yes but I to you for 30 thousand dollars
she sent you a thousand dollars to start your lady this job
take off the smile opa of the face
because I do not like it with people lying to me min
if you want to give me a mint mint
but do not lie to me in any other way
number one when she put her claim put copy of the check
made his name one thousand there is another 2000 between the two in his country to the e3
one plus two are press that I remember kindergarten
I've never forgotten that
that one plus two surprises
and I appear or in the stupid please do not insult me
I want to know what he has done with those three thousand dollars because they have not endorsed in the
work or carve
because this lady came to destroy my
parts of my prayer and workshop and also physically attack me in front
of my exams if she the act as
from mandela
exactly what they think of the same elegance and pray
do not come to cry
Mrs
I do not like revenge
if she insulted you and cost you a business
use the resources
that the law proposes for people
does not use the resource if I'm not going to give the tower to it raised it today to be the
life in squares
because this is not something that I only work and she knows why they pay it to me
I talked to her she did it on purpose
not just not breaking the bank today unless they have and more earn and on it from
no way do I understand it comes well
he did it on purpose he did not do anything else because he forgot he did it purposely
in agreement
non to the one who maybe told me two minutes ago that he did it to punish her yes
or not
maybe it's the one that should be sued fair she
located in the mall and now what is going to make it pay but good and nice
truth to me is not going to get a single fifth because the years had my
friends were bigger than give us the reason feel drive proposes you
goal the demand is going to try to theo
Meanwhile
there is no counterclaim q meanwhile I have to decide what exists about
this meanwhile you bialo admitted that he did it on purpose meanwhile
you do it intentionally meanwhile you violated the contract meanwhile
I am going to give you a verdict with for you
and knows how much not only the three thousand because as you do it on purpose
I'm going to punish him park the future barretas tarugadas with other people
it was good day
five thousand dollars
so I paid him
town online
franco - with his talk verdict I want to transcend puppy lady please
let's think alcohol
a little word knows here nothing else the opinion was satisfied with verdict
yes sir I am very satisfied
I think the decision made by the country is very good
something that was later expected by a server for a certain amount
who tells me about the rest
anyway important that
sheen was just what happened anyway that she is that the culprit and that
It is important
so you are
the crowds has to be a month many breakthroughs of the meeting until
then
holes canseco we are going to a break and come back with another case more
when we return
in the town court